High Level Requirements:
The Tram is like the one in the Detroit Metropolitan Airport.

It drives back and forth all day (two directions)
3 stops: North, South and Middle
It can't move when the doors are open
Doors have 3 states: open, closed, locked (they can't open while traveling)
There is an emergency button that stops the train and unlocks the doors. The train will not restart until the system is reset after someone pushes the emergency button. At which point, it will travel to the nearest end (north or south) and start over.
There is a system in the track that can tell where the train is. there are 1000 'spots:' 1 is North, 500 is middle, 1000 is South.
 

Specifications:
Calling move() advances the tram exactly one station and never moves it beyond either end station.
When the tram reaches an end station, its direction reverses before its next movement.
When the doors are locked, calling open() has no effect
When the doors are locked, calling close() has no effect
Before the train moves the doors must be in the locked state
Emergency button stops movement and unlocks doors
Open Button opens the doors (as long as the doors are not locked)
Close Button closes the doors during a reset state
getLocation() returns the current location of the tram - a number between 1 and 1000
if getLocation() returns a number out of bounds, throw error
If emergency state is engaged, When system reset occurs tram will continue in its current direct to the closest station
tram always stops at a station
time spent in the stopped state at a station is configurable
When a train is stopped at a stop doors are unlocked and opened
Before a train starts to move from a station, doors are closed and locked
When doors are 'locked' they can't be opened by pushing the open button
If doors are forced open, it enters emergency state
Reset button is on main console
Reset sets Emergency to False Once all doors are closed manually, moves to next station
list of stops is configurable
arrive() and depart() control speed of tram at stops
stops have an arrival message which plays on arrivals
brakes engage when intended_speed < current_speed
emergency state engages brakes
Reset state tests brakes
Emergency state can be engaged remotely
operator can use console to manually stop and start the tram
operate can use console to open / close doors
operator can reset the system
 

Tram State Data:

In_Motion: True | False
Door_State: Open | Closed | Locked
Location: integer 1-1000
Direction: North | South
Emergency: True | False
Message: String
Reset: True | False
Intended_Speed: 0-100
Current_Speed: 0-100
Brakes: True | False
 

Tram Operations:

open doors
close doors
move
announce arrival message
emergency
reset
accelerate
decelerate (brakes?)
 

Parking Lot:

Handle configurable stops (setting and removing)
Handle Track Loops (i.e. instead of north and south, 1-1000 would go back to 1 after 1000. Maybe direction would always be the same in this case.)
Handle multiple trams